Hello.
I'm Michael Krasowski from Pluralsight.
I will be presenting the module,
The Interconnection of Leadership and Communication in the course,
Leadership and Communication Skills for Software Engineers.
Okay, now let's first start with this very insightful quote.
Communication is where leadership lives and breathes.
Those simple words encapsulate not only the essence of this module,
but in fact, this entire course.
That is why I want to make a point that leadership and
communication are interconnected, intertwined,
interwoven,
and that your potential as a leader will be dependent upon your
ability to effectively communicate with others.
Now let's review the objectives of this module.
Here are the module objectives.
This module will cover the fundamentals of why leadership and
communication skills are so critical to your professional growth,
to your employer, and to your customer.
Also,
we're going to dig deeper into the linkage between leadership and
communication and that you cannot have one without the other.
This module will emphasize the importance of improving both of
these skills to improve your career opportunities,
to improve your personal growth, and your ability to mentor and grow your team.
So, how can you organize, inspire,
or guide others if you don't communicate in a clear,
credible and authentic way?
Well, you just can't. Now let's look at some data that supports this point.